Fix fixation detector docs (#323)
pupil-labs/pupil-docs: src/developer/core/network-api.md

pub_socket.send(msgpack.dumps(payload, use_bin_type=True))
```

The script above requires you to implement a custom [Plugin](/developer/core/plugin-api/) to process the
incoming messages. Alternatively, you can use remote annotations.

### Fixation Messages

> The fixation detectors (online in Pupil Player and offline in Pupil Capture) publish the following notification:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The fixation detector in Pupil Capture publishes the following messages:
```
